misc fixes (#1180)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/components/lead-space-block.mdx

| Paragraph                                                                                                                                                  | Long copy  | Yes      | 1           | XL (250 / 325)                            |
| [Video](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/video) or [Image with caption](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/image-with-caption) | Media      | No       | 1           | –                                         |
| [Link list (End of section)](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/link-list/)                                                                   | Component  | No       | 1           | –                                         |
| [CTA (button)](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta/)                                                                                       | Component  | No       | 1           | –                                         |

> To see the list of all character count standards, go to this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> <a href="https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website/wiki/Character-count-standards" target="_blank">link</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [character count standards](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website/wiki/Character-count-standards).

```
